Status Report One

QA Name: Cameron Robinson

Assigned Feature: Employee Manager card

Date: Dec. 21, 2021

Date Due in QA Project Plan: Jan. 1, 2022

Testing Progress: 60% complete, 4 of 9 test cases passed, 4 failures, 4 defects entered.

Note: There are some features and bugs that need to be fixed and once fixed a new version can be deployed for testing, Will need 2 additional weeks to execute tests. Expected completion date: Jan. 15, 2022.



Status Report Two
QA Name: Cameron Robinson
Date: Jan. 13, 2022
Date Due in QA Project Plan: Jan. 15, 2022
Testing Progress: 90% complete, 8 of 9 test cases passed, 1 failure, 1 defects entered.

Note: I’m happy to inform you that we have met the deadline for a updated version to the app, We have addressed a lot of the issues and bugs and found extra things to add to the apps next updated version. We want to keep pushing and making this app better for you. Please let us know what we can do better after using this app. Thank you.



Test Report 

Project Information
•	Employee Manager/version 2.0
•	QA analyst: Cameron Robinson

Test Objectives
•	Testing Executed:
o	Session base
o	Exploratory
o	Regression
	Feature/Function
	Integration
o	Performance & Load
o	Unit tests
I did a lot of exploratory testing for 60 mins. Then 90 min. of Session base testing to look for bugs. I had a criteria that was tested also, but paid extra attention to the search bar and found bugs there. Name input had bug that was reported also.

Test Execution Details
•	Exploratory
•	Session base
•	Regression
•	Performance and Load
•	Unit testing
Test Execution Results
•	9 test
•	6 passed 
•	3 failed
•	Cameron Robinson executed the tests
Test Coverage
•	Tested the Name, Phone number, Id, and email input
Test Summary
I started by looking at what version I was on to make sure that was correct first, I read thru the criteria that the app was suppose to do. I started with some exploratory testing for 60 min. Then went into some Session base testing for another 90 min. to be sure I didn’t miss anything obvious. I went on to testing the criteria that I receive from the BA and Scrum master on what is needed. I found some issues with the search bar and the name input section that I wrote a bug report on both issues. They are on the high priority list to be address for the next version update to the app.


Question 3:
I feel at this point the bootcamp I do feel qualified to test an application. I feel like exploratory testing is my strongest point right now for my level of education in the bootcamp. I can report defects and write bug reports. I like that I can look for errors and thing that everyday users come in contact with. I love tech and I feel like we all make mistakes and nothing is perfect, there for I can find bugs.

Part Three.


Agile: Pros and Cons
Pros	More flexible	Product get to market faster	Better communication
Cons	Hard to predict	Final product is not released first	Documentation gets left behind




Waterfall: Pros and Cons
Pros:	Everyone gets up to speed quickly,	Timescales are kept,	No financial surprises
Cons:	Needs can be difficult to define,	Potential lack of flexibility,	Longer delivery time


